DOCS-530: Refactor Glossary (#996)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/_index.md

description: "In-depth information on the various components available within the Viam system."
---

> The term *component* describes a resource that represents a physical component in a robot which a computer controls.

Reviewer: This is hard to parse and uses "component" to define itself
```suggestion
A *component* represents a physical piece of electrical or electromechanical hardware in a robot.
```

> The following are the component types that Viam natively supports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the component types that Viam natively supports [here](/components/).
```
